Good morning, Mr. Miller. There's something I need to clear up with you.
What is it?
Mr. Miller, my feelings for you are the respect that a subordinate has for a superior. That's it.
Do you think that I would think otherwise of you? A married woman?
Mr. Miller, you're mocking at me. I'm very self-aware.
I said this to you because I don't want the people around you to misjudge me.
Ginny White, your despicable name itself is enough reason for me to not fall for you.
Last time, Mr. Miller said my name was awful. I thought he was drunk.
This time he's sober. How the hell did my name offend him?
Ginny, are you feeling better?
Yeah, I'm back on my feet after a good night's sleep.
Puts on a self-conscious mirror, willing to mask in front of me. It flicks freely with other men.
Mr. Miller, after visiting the villagers from door to door today, we've learned a lot of important information to better out these villagers.
Ginny, you're as filthy as a monkey.
Sir, your hands are much filtered in my face.
Mr. Miller, watch out.